Fork the deployment section for dpl v2 (#2464)
travis-ci/docs-travis-ci-com: user/deployment-v2/bitballoon.md

---
title: BitBalloon Deployment
layout: en
deploy: v2

---

Travis CI can automatically deploy files to
[BitBalloon](https://www.bitballoon.com/) after a successful build.

To deploy the current directory to BitBalloon, add your encrypted BitBalloon `site-id` and `access-token` to your `.travis.yml`:

```yaml
deploy:
  provider: bitballoon
  site-id:
    secure: "YOUR ENCRYPTED SITE ID"
  access-token:
    secure: "YOUR ENCRYPTED ACCESS TOKEN"
```
{: data-file=".travis.yml"}

## Deploying a specific directory

To deploy a specific directory to BitBalloon, use the `local-dir` key:

```yaml
deploy:
  provider: bitballoon
  site-id:
    secure: "YOUR ENCRYPTED SITE ID"
  access-token:
    secure: "YOUR ENCRYPTED ACCESS TOKEN"
  local-dir: "_build/"
```
{: data-file=".travis.yml"}

## Running commands before and after deploy

Sometimes you want to run commands before or after deploying. You can use

> the `before_deploy` and `after_deploy` stages for this. These will only be

Reviewer: ```suggestion
the `before_deploy` and `after_deploy` build steps for this. These will only be
```
